Voltaire: Fell to a large group of zombies under command of Kathelyne during an expedition. Body eventually recovered after a battle against Kathelyne.
Teraval: Executed by Maelis during the main camp assault against the DCA. Body returned by Kathelyne.
Wizard of Poop: Eaten by a swarm of rat fiends during an expedition. Body not recovered.
Rai: Killed by Helvetica during an escort mission to enable teleportation to the outpost. Body not recovered.
Jay: Killed by the Heira Rangers during an expedition. Or did he?
Zolong: Partially eaten by piranha's during an expedition. Body recovered
Bobo: Killed by the Exousiai in the swamp zone after an heroic effort. Body not recovered.
Dogbert: Killed by the Exousiai in the swamp zone after an heroic effort. Body not recovered.
Drogan: Killed by the Exousiai in the swamp zone after an heroic effort. Body not recovered.
Evenfall: Killed by the Exousiai in the swamp zone after an heroic effort. Body not recovered.
Deryn Ennastis: Killed by mantises in the corwood.
Draig: Killed by Satan near Malignance Rift. Body recovered afterwards by Rain, Gein and Alaric.
Icarus: Killed by Satan near Malignance Rift. Body recovered afterwards by Rain, Gein and Alaric.
Amaya: Killed by Satan near Malignance Rift. Body recovered afterwards by Rain, Gein and Alaric.
Atriga: Killed by a Horseman Kratos in Corwood. Body recovered.
V-I7: Sucked to death by a vampire in attempt to become a vampire in the corwood.
Teo: Killed by bandits in the Corwood.
Mira: Killed by fiends in the Death's Pass.
Ahlten: Killed by fiends in the Death's Pass.
Kuro: Killed by the Hei clan in the swamp. Body recovered... by Kathelyne.
Roy: Executed by Kathelyne after losing the bonezone.
Elvara: Enslaved by Kathelyne after losing the bonezone.
Mirai: Enslaved by Kathelyne after losing the bonezone.
Vesper: Enslaved by Kathelyne after losing the bonezone.
Elise: Killed by Helvetica in the cult fort assault
Ayanami: Killed by Helvetica in the cult fort assault
Cendarion: Killed by wasps in Sarjes Pass. Body eventually recovered by expeditioners.
Del: Killed by an Isekai person in Corwood. Body situation.. it's complicated.
Vynora: Killed by clowns in the swamp. Body recovered.
Decimus: Killed by robots in corwood.
Axel: Killed by flaming chickens in corwood.
Decimus: Killed by flaming chickens in corwood.
Raoh: Killed by a wolf kratos in the heartwood. Body recovered.
Li Shui: Killed by a Shinzoran monster in heartwood. Body recovered.
Chaia: Killed by an Exousiai in the ruins.
Psyda: Killed by an Exousiai in the ruins.
Manami: Killed by an Exousiai in the ruins.
Kou: Killed by an Exousiai in the ruins.
Veyrion: Killed by an Exousiai in Serenity Valley.
Vespera: Killed by a fiend from Shinzora.
Mime-chan: Forever trapped in Canvas.
Fox: Forever trapped in Canvas.
Sicle Claw: Died blowing up an Exousiai.
Gein: Killed by a fiend in Serenity Valley.