[HEADING]TITLE
Lyrian Chronicles 9 - Will of the King

[IMAGE]wotk_ch5_image1.png

Campaign By: LeaflitAdapted By: Leaflit and ShyMoth
Edited By: ShyMoth
Proofread By: Ayra
Chapter Visual: Kriss Sison
Lanes Story: Sabbrewolf

This story is a replay novel.  Everything occurred over a game of Angel’s Sword TTRPG.  You can play for free now:https://rpg.angelssword.comYou can follow the game here (Characters and Documents):
https://app.roll20.net/campaigns/journal/18196509/index

New Episodes every week or so.

Thank you so much Patrons and Subs for making this possible.
https://www.patreon.com/leaflit
https://www.patreon.com/angelsswordrpg



[HEADING]CHAPTER 5
Rest And Resolve
The warm lights flickered throughout the room as the house’s magical fuel generator switched over as seamlessly as it could onto a second canister. Fontina, who had set up the war room beforehand, studied the map of Dacquoise in front of them. The governor placed her hand on the table, “It’s been a few days since the battle, and we made it through with fairly low casualties thanks to Yasha’s strategy.”She glanced over at the stranger in the group with a cautious eye before looking back at a knight with short cut white hair. Fontina questioned, “Commander Galtrea, what of the prisoner?”Galtrea responded, “We have her in custody with two guards stationed, Elwyn is in charge of it.” The soldier beside her nodded. Elwyn had cut her hair short to be just like her mentor’s, but it was much more curly and full, “We’re making sure she’s taken care of.”The odd one out of the group, his clothing cleaned of dirt—but still ragged, leaned forward, towering over the desk. He spoke in a hearty tone, “So everyone, there's some important information I need to tell you all, and it's what I was going to say earlier.”A blue haired woman, in a jet black military uniform and a cape rested one hand on the hilt of her sword that was on her belt. She raised her other hand and interrupted, predictably to Yasha, “Captain, I’d like to be excused. I would like my missions to be discussed privately with you and Fontina, and I would also like to have no knowledge of this upcoming conversation.” Her declaration was bold and unsettling.Yasha knew this was coming, Rin always did this to ensure that she could not talk if captured.  The Raijin was a member of Madenline’s Thunderstrike Division, a group of saboteurs and spies who performed clandestine operations for the military—and she always took her job with the highest degree of seriousness. Yasha nodded in affirmation, “Acknowledged, I’ll call for you when this meeting is over.”
She watched Rin leave cooly, her cape fluttering behind her as she left the room. Yasha waited for the door to close before she turned to Mizera and motioned for him to continue, “What important information exactly?”
Mizera pointed to the map around the Maple Hill Lands, "As far as I know...only the King of Dacquoise was supposed to have this info. For whatever reason he also told it to me. Here in the Maple Hill Lands, lies the trump card of the Royal Family, only to be used in the event that the Royal Family needs to show strength. During the war against Northi, he failed to deploy it. It must've been my fault to be honest...I wasn't in Dacquoise at that time. So afterwards, he broke the rules and told me about it."

Firefly, the Aerial Mage Squadron Commander tilted her head at the news. She adjusted her wide brimmed hat, her eyes sparkling with amusement, “Super…weapon?”
Mizera paused to take a breath, his brow furrowing, “The King told me that if the Royal Family were ever in danger…to go there and retrieve the weapon. Apparently some kind of Ancient Divine Weapon, the details were never told to me though.”The surprise in the room rippled like a rock thrown in a pond. Sino, the Musket Infantry Commander, looked up and adjusted his glasses, “Oh?”Lumeris, the Arcane Corps Commander placed her pipe into her mouth, raising a hand to light it with magic before stopping. Fontina had always been angry with her for smoking inside of the Governor’s Mansion. She spun her pipe around and tapped it onto her wrist, “Divine Arms, powerful artifacts that defy our understanding of magic. Higher-Order Magic.”Mizera pondered for a moment before giving the hills two taps with his index finger, “But if the weapon was the kind that the King believed could’ve turned the tide in the war against Northi, it must be something pretty crazy right? I’d say the Royal Family is in trouble right now. Especially if Princess Cherry is to be Queen as the King wished.”Fontina’s mouth wrinkled in a frown, “It’ll mean civil war.”Yasha’s gaze followed the man’s finger to where he pointed on the map. “Indeed. We may have won this last battle, but our army is relatively small compared to what Casimir can muster.” She spoke with confidence; even without knowing the full extent of the Prince's support, his personal forces in Sabbleton alone were more than they could handle.
The Captain continued, “Any sort of help could be paramount. What do you know about where the weapon is hidden? The Maple Hill Lands are far too big, we can’t spend days searching for it.”Mizera pointed to a hill in a forested area on the map, “The largest tree there, underneath it.  That’s where the King showed me.” He scratched his chin as if trying to remember something, “Oh yeah…apparently there was a pendant or something, something about automated defenses? The pendant made it so they don’t activate—but I don’t have that pendant or know where it's at…”The man glanced at Yasha and gave out a hearty laugh, smacking her on the shoulder, “Ah you can handle it. You’re strong. I used to raid caves with ancient defenses back in my days and nothing bad ever happened. You got this.” He seemed to remember something awful but just continued to chuckle.Fontina looked at Mizera in concern, “Ancient defenses? Some kind of automated defense system?” The governor turned to Lumeris for clarification.Lumeris brushed her pale green bangs out of her face with her pipe, “Yeah. Probably golems, not an uncommon choice for automatic defense systems. Used in the ancient days and still sometimes today by some Alchemists. Good at keeping out the riff raff, but it’s not powerful enough to keep out Skybound Rank Adventurers. Worst case, you’ll have some kind of Divine Arms guarding it, but that’s an unlikely scenario.”Firefly chimed in energetically, “You’d use that kind of thing to protect the palace though instead right?”Lumeris pointed her pipe at Firefly, “Precisely. I’d do that instead. Why waste a Divine Arms to guard another Divine Arms.”Sino leaned back on the soft leather sofa, his arms spread across it, “Maybe we should ask Hawkins about it later since he’s not here.”Yasha frowned at Lumeris. “None of us here apart from Mizera would be able to call themselves Skybound level though.” The Oni pointed out, “At least we have an adventurer in our ranks at the moment, she’ll probably have experience with that sort of thing,” she continued and looked at Mizera, “The Royal Guard will check it out ourselves.”Fontina adjusted her glasses and gave Yasha a concerned look, “So the Royal Guards will check out the lead on the Divine Arms. If it indeed is some kind of powerful weapon, it could help us since we are clearly at a disadvantage.” The Governor ran her white glove along the edge of the map, “Yasha, when do you depart?”“As soon as possible, which will most likely come down to how fast Lanes and Helene recover from their injuries,” Yasha responded. “We will also need to contact an adventurer’s guild, preferably Kaede’s, to hire more help in protecting Princess Cherry in the future.”The Captain glanced back at the map, her eyes focusing on the Free Trade City of Mothergreen, “Angel’s Sword…they should be reliable. We will have Limone stay behind with the Head Maid for now. Try not to make any risky appearances while we’re gone.”Fontina reached into her pouch and pulled out a notebook and began to write down her tasks, “That’s a good idea. I’ll approve the funds. It’ll definitely put me at ease so that we can rely on the Royal Guard to take care of important missions right now. We need to have meetings with other cities and try to build up support for Princess Cherry.” She turned to the others and then back to Yasha, “So what should we have everyone else doing?”Yasha nodded, “I’d like to ask you to handle matters of spreading information regarding what Casimir did and about Princess Cherry’s position. The other cities and nobles need to know where we stand. I imagine many of them will not want to support Casimir if they have another option.”The Captain turned her eyes to Firefly, “Commander Firefly and her troops will engage in regular scouting missions at our border. Though unlikely, we can not be sure that the city of Eclaire won’t take any sudden action.”Firefly gave a cute and bubbly salute, “Oh! Yes, you can count on me!”Yasha looked back toward the map again and pointed at the city of Clafoutis to the northwest, “I’ll need someone to deliver a message to a friend of mine. She is a noble, so I'll be assigning Athena. I'll inform her after the meeting. It will be good to have a better idea of where the other cities stand on the conflict.”Finally she turned her attention to Galtrea, the Heavy Knight Battalion Commander, “While I’m gone, I’m leaving matters of military security and strategy in your hands, Galtrea.”Galtrea raised a hand to her chest and bowed, “Of course Captain.”Yasha looked around the room and waited for any questions or comments. Upon seeing there weren’t any, she nodded to all of them, “Dismissed. Tell Rin to come back when you see her.” With the rest of the room dismissed, leaving only Fontina and Yasha behind, Rin entered the room. With a swift salute she wasted no time, “I await my orders.”Yasha paused and looked at the map for a moment, studying it in silence before pointing to Macaron to the far west, “Your orders are simple. Stay hidden in Macaron and keep an eye out for any army movements or anything else of note. Almost every army will have to pass through there.”Rin raised a hand to her mouth in concern, “Macaron…it’ll be best if we bring a smaller group to infiltrate. It’s quite dangerous but I am confident in the Thunderstrike Divison’s abilities. I’ll take Wop, Elex, Olenus and Ando—that should be a small enough force to stay hidden without lowering our combat capabilities. If things go south, we’ll try to cut and run.”Yasha gave a nod and placed a hand on Rin’s shoulder, “I trust your judgment. Depart immediately.”Rin gave a swift salute and left the room with focused determination.
***

Yasha walked down the brick-lined streets of Madeline’s city-center, wearing her Royal Guard Officer’s uniform. Relieved that Princess Cherry was once again safe and under the care of the head maid, the Captain went to meet the others at a famous restaurant to celebrate their victory. The previous battle had weighed her mind, drilling ‘what ifs’ in an attempt to find a way that the showdown with Elphias could’ve gone differently.She stepped into the restaurant and was immediately greeted by the hostess who led her towards the private room they had reserved. On her way there, she passed by Lumeris, who was sitting alone. The two made eye contact and Yasha nodded to her, but she knew better than to try to invite her.

Lumeris, like Athena, was of noble birth unlike the rest of the commanders. But unlike Athena, the mage didn’t seem to relate to the others very well. After working with her for so much time, Yasha knew it was pointless to invite her, as she would look uncomfortable as she declined.

The hostess opened the ornately decorated double door into the private room, which was intimate but spacious enough for them to relax comfortably. A long, polished table sat in the center with a fine white-linen tablecloth set upon it. The cushioned chairs promised a much-needed comfort, and the soft flicker of candeline illuminated the room—casting shadows on the rustic wooden beams above. The scent of freshly baked bread and roasted meats filled the air, a reminder of the extravagant and hearty meals the restaurant was known for.Firefly raised her hand, “Hey yo, Captain!” She waved enthusiastically as Yasha sat down.

Yasha gave Firefly a nod while she scanned the room, her gaze sweeping over the familiar faces of her comrades. Kaede sat next to Firefly, the two engaged in animated conversation, their expressions bright despite the adrenaline of the day's events. Opposite them was Rin, seated to the right of the head of the table, calm and attentive. Helene was at the end of the table, affording her a much larger space due to her stature and injuries.

"Good job out there today, everyone," Yasha said, her voice carrying sincere appreciation as she took her place at the head of the table, closest to the door. Though she had left her spear behind, considering it too unwieldy for a dinner setting, her rapier remained at her belt—proof of her readiness, ready to act if necessary.Helene looked to the Captain, coiled up on the extra-large seat that was prepared for her, “Thank you for reserving the room with extra space. This seat is dangerously comfortable, I could fall asleep if I’m not careful.” She leaned back, making herself comfortable, taking care not to not undo the bandages wrapped around her arm.Kaede stretched as she looked around the restaurant, her tail swaying in anticipation. She hadn’t been to a restaurant for a while, and was excited at the prospect of good food. The catfolk turned to Helene in worry, “Is your injury feeling okay? I can redo the bandages after dinner.”Helene smiled back, “Thanks Kaede, and thanks for taking care of me earlier.”The server brought out a basket of the restaurant’s famous yeasty bread rolls, a favorite amongst the regulars. They were cooked in a pan and generously coated with melted butter, the bottoms were slightly translucent and crispy—with just enough butter soaked into the dough. The tops were glazed and shiny, each roll releasing the irresistibly savory aroma of the yeast.
Firefly wasted no time, she pulled apart one of the rolls. Steam rose from the fluffy interior, the soft whiteness stretching into delicate threads. The texture promised the perfect chew, and with a satisfied smile, she reached for the knife beside her. She sliced into the whipped honey-apple butter served in a small clay ramekin, the golden threads of honey catching the light in an amber glow as she spread it over the steaming bread.The moment the bread touched her tongue, the savory, buttery flavor coated her mouth.  It was perfectly balanced by the sweet and rich honey apple flavor. The slight sharpness of salt hit the back of her tongue, creating a perfect contrast of flavors. She raised a hand to her cheek, smiling blissfully.“Ahhh, I love these so much,” she sighed, savoring every bite. “Did you know that this restaurant buys apples from my family?”Kaede looked in surprise towards Firefly’s bold attack on the rolls. Expectation brewed within her as she reached out towards a roll, slicing the whipped butter in the ramekin to spread it all over, “Your family runs an apple orchard?” Her tail shot straight up as she took a bite, smiling widely.Firefly nodded, “Yeah! Swallowfield Orchard. That’s why I usually head home so quickly after work. I try to spend as much time with them as I can. My sister, Phoebe, is always taking care of my other brothers and sisters.”Rin added, “They also make fresh apple juice at the end of fall. I go every year to get some.”Firefly stammered, bread roll still in her mouth, “O…o…oh! This year Phoebe is going to be selling a new apple pie recipe she’s been working on. I’ll have to bring you some, Rin!”Rin smiled elegantly, “I will have to try some when the season comes. It’s starting to get colder already.”Kaede smiled at Firefly, “These are incredible! I want to try these apples too.”Yasha reached out for one of the rolls, ripping off a piece with her teeth. She nodded in approval of the taste, speaking after she finished the bite, “By the way…eat up as much as you want, Fontina is paying for it after all.”The eyes around the table lit up in unison.Rin reached out, quietly taking one of the rolls. She tore off a small piece and took a bite, her expression calm. But there was no hiding the fact that she was eating it much faster than usual.  It was obvious she was trying to mute her reaction, but the way she reached for another bite almost immediately betrayed how much she was enjoying it.

Firefly took another bite of bread, and began to state the uncomfortable obvious, “So…what’s going on now? Are we really goin’ to be at war? I know that some of us are setting out right away, but it feels kinda strange—fighting our own countrymen.” The aerial mage slammed her chest with her fist to prevent herself from choking, “Like seriously! We’re outnumbered…”

She hesitated for a moment, respecting Rin’s wishes for compartmentalization, “I just hope that what the King’s friend said will make a difference.”Kaede looked over at Firefly, “I know I’m an outsider here, but I think with the state things are in, this will probably end up being a war. If what the old man said is true, it might be the edge we need to survive.”Yasha wiped her mouth with the cloth napkin on her lap, folding her arms across her chest, “I’m afraid we don’t have much of a choice in the matter. We can hope that the presence of other armies deters Casimir from making a direct move against us. Though I admit, I’m not sure what we would do if he marched even 4,000 troops of Sableton on Madeline.” She reached over and grabbed another piece to eat.Helene, who was keeping quiet until now spoke up, “As much as I don’t want to rely on the actions of others, we can’t be the only ones that find recent events strange. I wouldn’t be surprised if Casimir’s support from the other cities is token at best. While securing whatever it was that the King left for us is important, spreading our story and the truth about the King’s Will is equally so.” She paused to finish her third roll while the others pondered in silence, “You’ve assigned Rin on some mission for us, yes?” she asked Yasha.Yasha clarified, “The details of Rin’s mission are known only to Fontina and myself, you understand how Rin operates. The exact details of our own mission should always remain hidden in case of a capture.”Kaede leaned back in thought, “I see…to avoid everyone from knowing everything so it won’t leak out. I’ll have to remember that.” She was an adventurer, and rarely dealt with matters of state secrets. A concern dawned on her, “What if they do march on us? Are we planning to flee?”“That depends fully on what Princess Cherry wants, but most likely not. If it does happen, then we either come up with a genius plan to win or die fighting a superior force,” Yasha responded nonchalantly.Kaede didn’t enjoy the answer, “Let’s focus on surviving, while having a genius plan shall we?”Yasha let out a soft sigh, “That would be my job now I suppose. The terrain around here won’t be particularly suited for anything crazy though, so we’ll have to hope it doesn’t come to something desperate like that.”Kaede nodded, “We should probably just relax and enjoy some food and drinks for now! Or at least we shouldn’t overthink things right now. Let’s rest for now and we can make our plans and pick the best suited ones when it comes to it.” She smiled, excited for more food as her tail swished happily.The server entered the room and handed everyone a menu. Her uniform had a neat white waist apron upon an elegant maid-like attire. She immediately noticed Kaede’s excitement and moved over to stoke those flames, “If you’re looking for something truly indulgent and reflective of the finest ingredients that Lyr has to offer, may I suggest the Braised Beef à la Westria? It is one of our signature dishes and it's simply exquisite.”Kaede swallowed hard, her eyes wide as she turned to look at the server, “W…what is that?”The server smiled wryly, leaning in, her voice taking in a more personal tone. “We use only the highest quality Nurenese Beef, sourced from their legendary cattle, grass-fed in the pristine valleys of Nuren. This gives the meat a beautiful rich marbling and depth of flavor that you will not find anywhere else. We then take it and slow-braise it for hours until incredibly tender—falling apart at the touch of your fork.”Her eyes sparkled with delight as she continued, “What really elevates the dish though, is the luxurious Westrian butter sauce. This sauce is made with cream that’s churned in the pastures of Choire, where the air is pure and fresh, giving the butter its unmatched quality of richness.  We then enhance it with a touch of thyme, which adds a subtle earthy tone that pairs perfectly with the melt-in-your-mouth beef.”Kaede trembled at the thought, salivating.The server continued, gesturing delicately to where the side dishes would be, speaking in passionate detail. “On the side, we serve roasted Sylvan wild mushrooms, handpicked by Fae foragers by appointment of Queen Rurubelle herself in the Sylvan woods. Their natural umami flavor is complemented by crispy, golden potatoes, which we finish with delicate truffle shavings from Sorthen. The truffles add a luxurious, aromatic quality that brings the entire dish together in perfect harmony.”She gave a broad smile as she finished, leaving her words with a hint of promise, “It’s the kind of dish that’s both comforting and decadent at the same time. Perfect for when you want to indulge in the best the world has to offer. I think you’ll find it to be an unforgettable experience.”The server shot Kaede a cute wink, “Would you like me to place the order for you? Or perhaps would you like to know more about our other offerings, which I promise are equally as delicious.”Yasha listened to the explanation and quickly folded her menu, “I’ll have the Ribeye with Avalon Ale Jus, and the strongest drink you have available.”The server first addressed Yasha, “Of course Captain, that is an excellent choice. For someone with your taste, I’d recommend nothing less than our Avalonian Royal Whiskey. It’s the strongest drink we offer and is distilled in small batches in Avalon. Also it bears the official recognition and seal of King Oberyn. It’s the kind of drink that leaves its mark. Would you like to enjoy a glass or…”She pondered a bit in her prejudice at the Oni, but decided it better to ask. She knew that they pride themselves in their drinking, “...perhaps a whole bottle?”Yasha chuckled softly at the question, “A glass is fine for now. It wouldn’t look good for the Royal Guard if I end up drinking too much.”

The server nodded, “Of course Captain.”

Kaede’s arms continued to shake as she held onto the menu. She began to visualize the food as the server guided her on a journey of desire. Drooling slightly, the thought of sinking her teeth into the juicy tender meat caused her to shudder, “W…what would you r…r…recommend with it?  To drink?”The server turned to Kaede, tilting her head in thought, her eyes flashed in understanding, “For the perfect pairing, I would highly recommend a glass of our finest Avalonian Red Reserve. This wine is produced in the fertile vineyards of Avalon, where the unique climate gives the grapes a deep, robust flavor. The wine is full-bodied with rich notes of dark berries, oak, and a hint of spice, which will beautifully compliment the bold flavors of the braised beef. The slight acidity in the wine will help cut through the richness of the marbled beef, while the oaky undertones will bring out the subtleness of the thyme and truffle’s earthy flavors. It’s an absolutely perfect match that I recommend.”She pictured the dish in her mind as well as the person that would be eating it before continuing, “Hmm… for a non-alcoholic option, I would suggest our Mothergreen Orchards Sparkling Apple Cider. It’s made from hand picked apples from Mothergreen’s renowned orchards and it’s lightly carbonated to give a refreshing effervescence. The crisp, slightly sweet flavor of the apples will contrast beautifully with the rich beef, while the bubbles will cleanse your palate naturally with each bite. It’s light, crisp, and refreshing—an excellent choice if you’re looking for something sophisticated and alcohol free.”Kaede smiled, her eyes sparkling, “Y…yeah I want that! I’ll gladly take your recommendation then! B…both of them!”Firefly raised her hand as well, “I want the apple cider!”Waiting patiently for the others to finish their orders, Helene set the menu on the table to signal that she was ready.  As the server came to her side, the Lamia ordered, “The Houkainan Seared Sea Bass, please. And your recommendation of a drink to go with it.”The server gave a slight bow to Helene, “But of course. For the Houkainan Seared Sea Bass, I have a couple of excellent pairing options, to enhance the flavor of the dish.” She turned the menu onto its back to point out the drink section, placing a finger on each part as she explained.“If you’re looking for something alcoholic, I would highly recommend our Sylvan Wine by Elixir Vineyards. It’s a crisp, light wine made from Sylvan-grown grapes, cultivated in the cooler misty woods—granting bright notes of green apple, citrus and a touch of wild herbs. The acidity will perfectly balance the richness of the truffle oil in the dish, while its subtle herbaceous undertone will enhance the earthy wild vegetables accompanying your dish. It’s a refreshing choice, ideal for seafood I think.”She gave the Lamia the once over, thinking about other Lamia she had served before, many of which would occasionally come from Nuren. “For a non-alcoholic option, I would suggest Pina Herbal Iced Tea, made with a blend of coastal herbs and citrus from the shores of Houkaina, but inspired by the world famous Pina Resort. The tea has a smooth, slightly tangy flavor with hints of lemon and mint, which will contrast beautifully with the richness of the sea bass. It’s a refreshing way to cleanse your palate in between bites.”Helene thought for a moment, sorely tempted by the wine offered, but imagining the doctor’s complaining about mixing potions with alcohol made up her mind. “The tea sounds lovely, thank you.”Firefly raised her hand to order as everyone looked at her in anticipation.

The server moved over to her and smiled softly, using a wooden dowel to remove the crumbs from the table, "Yes what would you like to have?"

The aerial mage looked at the menu, rubbing her nose before pointing to a part of the menu normally reserved for... younger guests.  "Ah... cheeseburger and fries for me.  What's the cheeseburger like?"

The server seemed almost physically harmed by the declaration, with Yasha cracking a slight chuckle. The server turned to Firefly, her lip trembling, "Ah...well it's like…you know…a cheeseburger." Her mouth could not grasp the words for an eloquent description.

Firefly responded nonchalantly, "Oh ok, that sounds good. Oh...some tomato ketchup too? On the side?"

The server clutched her heart as she looked at Firefly, her brow twitching, "Y...yes of course."
Rin brought some life back to the server as she ordered the Houkainan Lobster with Gnocchi and spiced cream. With their orders complete the server left the room, leaving them to socialize once more.After the server had left the room, a comfortable calm settled over the private dining area, giving them some time for delightful conversation. The warm glow of the artifice lights cast soft shadows across the silverware, while highlighting the delicate patterns of the table carvings.

Yasha's gaze drifted toward Rin, her eyes catching on the longsword resting beside the Raijin. The weapon was sleek and unadorned, exuding a quiet confidence much like its owner. "Your fighting style is unusual," Yasha remarked, recalling the fluid precision she had witnessed earlier in the battle. "Self-taught?"

Rin looked up as the servers placed their dishes before them on large white plates. The rich aroma of her Houkainan Lobster with Gnocchi and spiced cream wafted upward, mingling with the scents of the other exquisite dishes that were so distant before. Meeting Yasha's gaze, a subtle smile played on her lips. "Flash Star Style," she replied softly. "My grandfather taught me since I was a child. He's a retired martial arts instructor from Kirara."

She sliced a piece of lobster with practiced ease, sweeping it through the velvety sauce before bringing it to her mouth. After savoring the delicate flavors, she wiped her lips with a linen napkin. "How about you, Captain? Who taught you?"

Yasha lifted her glass of Avalonian Royal Whiskey, the amber liquid catching the light as she swirled it gently. She took a measured sip, feeling the warmth spread through her chest, then set the glass down with a soft clink. "Interesting," she mused. "It's a very impressive style."

A wry smile crossed her face as she leaned back slightly. "As for me, I'm partially self-taught. Back in the day, I grabbed whatever I could to fight with—a large stick sort of resembles a spear if you squint hard enough."

She chuckled softly, a hint of nostalgia in her eyes. "Of course, when I accompanied Rena to school later on, the military instructor there was quick to beat the bad habits out of me."

Rin smiled a bit, lifting her glass to take a sip of wine. "A stick..." she smiled, raising a hand to her mouth to stifle a chuckle. Despite her normally cold and calculating exterior, there was a subtle hint of femininity when she was off duty. Setting the glass down, she wiped her soft lips with a napkin.

"Rena is your friend from Clafoutis, right?" she inquired, her eyes reflecting a gentle curiosity. "I think you've mentioned her before. What kept you here instead of moving there?"

She pierced a fluffy gnocchi with her fork, the velvety sauce nestling in its folds. Bringing it to her mouth, she savored the delicate texture, only to feel a gentle heat bloom across her palate. The Sorthen red pepper flakes added a surprising kick, prompting her to open her mouth slightly to cool her tongue.

Yasha grabbed the knife next to her and began to easily cut the meat in front of her into more manageable sizes. She nodded to Rin.

"Yeah, she is. Rena.. Lady Ethelrena." She corrected herself this time. "is someone I was hired to accompany for a long time when I was younger. Her father was a bit overprotective, but he couldn't really have a normal bodyguard follow her everywhere. But me? I was about the same age as her and competent enough to at least fend off a common thug." Yasha explained a bit before putting a piece of meat in her mouth. The meat was tender and she let out a satisfied noise at the taste of the expensive dish. After swallowing it, she continued.

"As for how I came to be here, do you know about what happened three years ago? At a party in Clafoutis?" She inquired.
Rin paused, her utensils clacking softly against the porcelain plate. "I've never been to Clafoutis before and haven't heard," she admitted, a hint of curiosity hidden within her tone.
"The details were kept under wraps, I think," Yasha speculated, swirling the amber spirit in her glass. "But there's not much point in hiding it now." She leaned forward slightly, as she recounted the events. "There was a party held by one of the nobles—I forget who exactly—but Lady Ethelrena was invited, as were some members of the royal family. Princess Cherry was among them. At some point during the festivities, an assassin managed to sneak in."
Yasha paused, taking a sip of her whiskey, the warmth doing little to soften the tale. "We didn't really know who he was after or who sent him at the time, but he went after Cherry. The former captain of the royal guard tried to stop him but failed. The assassin closed in on the princess."
She took another sip, for dramatic effect, though with Cherry safe now, the tension was somewhat muted. "I was standing nearby. I didn't have a visible weapon on me, but I always carried a dagger. The man didn't even realize I was a threat before I jammed the blade into his neck. After that, people were thankful for what I did, and a position in the royal guard had just opened up, so..." She shrugged modestly.
Rin's eyes widened in surprise, her usually composed demeanor momentarily disrupted. "I read about that in the news, so that was you?" Her gaze shifted as she pieced together the memory. "I heard later that the assassin was a member of the Rod's Hand—a group of nobles who didn't like that Princess Cherry was giving high positions to non-nobles. Good thing you were there."
Yasha nodded, remembering the day. "Right place at the right time. The poor girl has had to endure much for someone so young." She speared another piece of her ribeye, the richness grounding her thoughts. "How about you? You said your grandfather is from Kirara? That's quite the trip to make."
Rin swallowed a bite of lobster mingled with gnocchi, the combination bringing life to her palate. "It'll only get tougher for our princess," she said with concern. "I'm from Kirara, but I moved to Mothergreen when I was a baby. My family was sent there to strengthen relationships, but then the war happened." She brushed a strand of dark teal hair away from her eyes. "We fled to Madeline when Northi invaded and have been here ever since. My grandfather doesn't teach much anymore. I think we're here to stay in Dacquoise. I don't remember anything about Kirara anyway."
"Unfortunate timing," Yasha said with a slight grimace. Though she hadn't experienced the war herself, she was well aware of its devastating impact. "At least everything ended up all right after that. Ever think of visiting again?"
The Raijin nodded slowly, a hint of hesitation in her eyes. She took a moment before speaking, her voice softer. "You're also a Youkai—why don't we go together when this war is over?"
Yasha's lips curved into a genuine smile. "Sounds like a plan."
They continued their meal in companionable silence, with conversations and laughter of friends and comrades surrounding them. They all knew to take in the joy of this moment, for tomorrow they would have to prepare to head out again—the pressure of Casimir’s ascent to the throne lingering over the horizon.
[IMAGE]wotk_ch5_image2.png
***
Lanes still heard the clash of steel and the cries of battle echoing in his mind as he stood alone in the moonlit training yard. His hands clenched tightly around the hilt of his father's knife, the cool metal a stark contrast to the heat pulsing through his aching body. His wounds from the recent battle throbbed with each heavy breath, but the physical pain was nothing compared to the sting of failure that clawed at his heart.

He had been defeated—by two common soldiers, no less. He, a member of the Royal Guard, tasked with protecting Princess Cherry herself. The humiliation was sharper than any blade.

Earlier that evening, Captain Yasha had not held back on her words. "Your mistake against the Armatae I can overlook," she had said, her gaze judging. "But it should not be possible for a Royal Guard to lose a fight against two common soldiers." Yasha's eyes had pierced deep into his soul at that time, observing the slight fluctuations of magic within his body to determine his capabilities.

Lanes had stood there in silence, his posture rigid as each word struck him like a blow. He deserved it. He had failed—those who depended on him, but also himself. His aversion to close combat—rooted in a promise he had made to his mother years ago—had nearly cost them everything.

He drew a deep breath, steadying himself.

With a swift motion, he swung the knife in a wide arc, the blade glinting as it cut through the night air with a whistle. Hours of relentless training had pushed his muscles to the brink; his arms burned, his wounds protested with sharp pangs. Yet he couldn't bring himself to stop. Not now. Not when the shadows of his doubt still loomed over so heavily.

While his comrades were likely gathered around a warm meal, sharing tales of valor and planning for the days ahead, Lanes remained alone. He wasn't ready to join them—not until he confronted this turmoil.

The memories surfaced, as they often did when he let his guard down. His father, cornered by bandits in a darkened forest. His father, who never came home. Lanes had been just a boy then, clutching his father's knife—the only keepsake left behind. He had vowed to protect his mother, to never leave her alone as his father had.

Joining the town guard had been a means to keep that promise, his skills as a scout and a knack for throwing knives quickly setting him apart. Earning a place in the Royal Guard was an honor beyond his years, but it came with new responsibilities—and new fears. Before he left, his mother had made him swear another promise: "Come home safe, Lanes. Always."

And so he had tried. Every mission, every battle, he had skirted the edges, relying on distance and caution. He told himself it was for her sake, that he couldn't bear the thought of her losing him too.

But tonight had changed everything.

He had witnessed the kingdom teetering on the brink of civil war. Prince Casimir had sent an army under the guise of "securing" Princess Cherry, thrusting Lanes into a conflict where the lives of his comrades and the future of the Kingdom hung in the balance. His hesitation, his reluctance to engage fully, had cost them dearly—first a valuable Armatae and captive, and the elimination of Elphias on future battlefields. The entire Royal Guard had taken the painful defeat together, but he knew he could've been the one to change everything.

Not anymore...

He halted his practice, lowering the blade as sweat dripped from his brow. Tilting his head back, he gazed up at the tapestry of stars scattered across the Madeline night sky. The cool breeze whispered against his skin. It was calming, unlike the thoughts within.

He could no longer afford to be bound by his fears. His father had fought to protect what mattered, even at the ultimate cost. How could Lanes do any less?

Visions of the Princess flashed before him—her unwavering determination despite her youth, the trust she placed in those sworn to protect her. He thought of his mother, waiting anxiously for his safe return, and of his comrades, each bearing their own burdens yet pressing onward.

His promises weren't broken; they were evolving. He realized now that by shielding himself, he had been failing to truly protect anyone. To safeguard those he cared for, he needed to confront the very dangers he had been avoiding.

"I'll protect them all," he whispered into the night, his grip tightening on the knife. "For them. For me."

A newfound resolve settled over him. Sheathing the blade, Lanes turned toward the barracks. His body screamed for rest, each step a reminder of his exhaustion, but his mind was clear. He had made his choice.

Crossing the quiet courtyard, he allowed a small smile to tug at the corners of his mouth. The warm glow from the barracks spilled out into the night, and the faint murmur of voices reached his ears. His comrades were inside, likely enjoying a hearty stew and sharing stories of the day's events.

Perhaps they would save him a seat tomorrow—and perhaps, finally, he was ready to join them.


[HEADING]EXTRAS

[HEADING]DM Message

Hi everyone,

I am Cure, the DM.  This chapter has a lot of downtime doesn't it?  The last couple chapters were very action packed so we thought we'd take some time to relax and explore the characters a bit more.  The food scene actually happened on the game board, and it was kind of funny because the player of Kaede tested me by saying they wanted to order food.  Cooking is one of my hobbies so of course I had to go all out on it... I think I will always go all out when it comes to food.

In this chapter we got to spend some time with more of the commanders, and got extra time with Firefly and Rin.  Kriss really did an amazing job with the art on this one.  The funny thing is... Firefly ordering a cheeseburger was actually not in the original text.  However when we got the art from Kriss it had her eating a burger.

I said to him, "Wow... I didn't really think of that."  to which he replied, "I was kinda thinking what kind of food would fit that character, went with burger...".  I thought it was brilliant that a character would order a cheeseburger at a fancy restaurant, so we decided to go with it and it turned into the interaction between Firefly and the server. Of course it had the entire writing staff laughing and quickly became our favorite part.

The next chapters will be action packed, but they'll be a bit hard for me to write so... wish me luck.  It'll be pretty fun though because it'll be the first chapter that a "living world" aspect was added.  We ran another party in parallel to Chapter 6, who are doing things that will affect it.  It'll be an interesting experiment.

Anyway I hope you enjoyed a bit of down time and Lanes' resolve.

Until next week!


[HEADING]A message from Lyr…
To you, the distant observer from realms unseen,

I wonder what unfolds before your eyes now and what awaits in the chapters yet to come. Are you content to remain passive, or does your heart align with those who tread upon the stage, risking all they hold dear? Will you, too, strive to defy the immutable threads of fate, or will you resign yourself to the whims of fortune?

You might cast me as a malevolent force, yet I smile at such trivial notions of good and evil. I am but an arbiter, the weaver of tales who honors each soul, refusing to let them be sullied by the rot of pity.

Failure begets failure, a relentless cascade into oblivion. Tell me, what value holds success if one is rewarded without merit? Do you not agree? Or perhaps you are one who revels in the comfort of a hollow happy ending.

Prince Casimir shall soon ascend the throne—make no mistake, he is no fool. His armies swell with might, yet he knows his authority must first be forged in iron, lest he overreach and falter. And what of Madeline's desperation? Have they any choice but to stake everything on the King's Gambit? The Royal Guards venture into the unknown, guided by naught but faith.

I am keen to see if Lanes will fulfill his promise. A Royal Guard who can scarcely wield a blade, who struggles to voice his own thoughts to himself and to others. Shall we unveil to him the true depths of our affection on the pages that follow?

Yours,

Clio


[HEADING]Flash Star Style (Rin’s Style for TTRPG)
For use with the Angel’s Sword TTRPG:  https://rpg.angelssword.com/

Flash Star Style:  Photon Line
Cost: 2 AP, 2 Mana
Keywords: Sidestep
Range: 25ft
Requirement: Can move 25ft in a straight line. Light Blade, Longsword, Katana
Description:
You sidestep exactly 25ft in a straight line in any direction and can move over gaps of terrain as long as you end on solid ground. You make a Light attack against all targets that are in your path.  If only one target is in your path, make a Heavy attack instead.
—
Flash Star Style:  Thunderbolt Slash
Cost: 2 AP, 2 Mana
Keywords: -
Range: 5ft
Requirement: Light Blade, Longsword, Katana
Description:
You slash the target in a thunderbolt pattern, making a 3-hit attack.  Make 3 separate Light attacks against the target.  Combo: If used immediately after Flash Star Style: Photon Line, mana cost reduced by 1.
—
Flash Star Style:  Starlight Crescent Reversal
Cost: 0 RP, 1 Mana
Keywords: Counter
Range: 5ft
Requirement: You are targeted by a heavy attack.  Light Blade, Longsword, Katana
Description:
You take advantage of the windup of the enemy’s attack, countering with a Light attack of your own. You may still Dodge or Block the triggering attack after this counter.


